hey walking augers I'm gonna walk and
you're watching Debbie Wong with mocking
doll
so it's February which means Valentine's
and I'm sure all you guys out there are
wanting to cook something romantic for
your honey and what I think romantic
I think French so I'm going to be making
Julia Child's classic book boning y'all
with a few deadly long touches let's get
started
now if you guys watch the show a lot you
know that I love to chop and drop
meaning chop stuff up while things are
cooking but with this particular dish I
highly recommend that you have
everything cut up and ready to go
but before you even start cooking and
that's called me some finesse that's
rich okay step 1
hold on you want to get aide they're
called dutch ovens you got to get your
cooking vessel on the stove I'm using my
tagine like I always do but you guys can
use your luck who save you have that or
any sort of ceramic thing that can go
straight into the oven so the bacon is
nice and round now I'm gonna remove it
from the pan next up is the beef now
before you throw into the pan the meat
has to be dry because it won't Brown if
it's wet so I'm gonna put the meat into
a towel
so remember at this point we're just
browning everything we've brown the
bacon or ground the meat we're gonna
Brown the onions and brown the carrots
just trying to keep you guys up to date
I know it's a process the process like
love you have put at the time you gotta
put in the message and in the end point
a few years later you're like well
hopefully there's no regret I have the
oven at 425 right now super happy I'm
gonna pop it in there for minutes
as you can see it's beautifully
caramelized nice and sizzle e-everything
smells amazing we're gonna make it even
more amazing by adding some aromatics
we still use dry time make sure it's
relatively good wine Thanks I pick the
French one this is matchy-matchy
all right now that the beef is in the
oven I'm going to start with the next
component of this dish which is the
pearl onions there is nothing more
French than Pro onions let me tell you
for this step don't be afraid to have
the heat up high I know what's crazy
when it's spitting at you and it's
making noises and stuff but you really
want those mushrooms to brown mushrooms
have a lot of moisture in them and they
don't Brown very easy jump that bag heat
do so the reason why this dish is
perfect for Valentine's is because it
sits in the oven for at least two hours
which gives you plenty of time to get
yourself ready so that's what I'm gonna
do the gravy is a wonderful consistency
not too thick not too thin now from
Debbie Wong touch dijon mustard now for
all you purist up there you may want to
hide your eyes because this is
untraditional but I respect of the dish
kept it French and me the mustard adds
just that next level of sharp kick that
I feel this dish really needs
not even kidding you not even
exaggerating you know this is not your
typical romantic meal it's not finicky
it's not like you know pile of this pile
of that pile of that but you know what
to me it's perfect it's got the right
amount of refinement and Placidus but
it's also got an awesome comfort food
factor to me that's the perfect romantic
dinner
so that's select you guys a Valentine or
any time